Updates iota token page re supply incr. (#1190)
iotaledger/iota-wiki: docs/get-started/introduction/iota/iota-token.md

The IOTA token is the medium to transfer value within the IOTA mainnet. However, unlike other cryptos
there are no fees to be paid with the base token, meaning that IOTA tokens are transferred 1 to 1 to the receiver,
without miners or other intermediaries taking a cut. The maximum supply is 4,600,000,000 IOTAs.

> Note that the smallest denomination of IOTA is called "micros" with 6 decimal points. The total supply consists therefore
> out of 4,600,000,000 IOTA tokens or 4,600,000,000,000,000 micros.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The smallest denomination of IOTA is called "micros", with 6 decimal points. The total supply consists therefore
out of 4,600,000,000 IOTA tokens or 4,600,000,000,000,000 micros.
```

> :::info
> Note that previously one micro was called one IOTA and 1,000,000 IOTAs made up 1 MIOTA (mega IOTA), however
> with the change to the supply and upgrade to the Stardust protocol on the 4th of October 2023 on the IOTA Mainnet, the
> IOTA Foundation opted to remove the [SI prefixes](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Metric_prefix) in order to align with
> the more common denominations used in the DLT space.
> :::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::info About MIOTA

Previously, one micro was called one IOTA, and 1,000,000 IOTAs made up 1 MIOTA (mega IOTA), however
with the change to the supply and upgrade to the Stardust protocol on the 4th of October 2023 on the IOTA Mainnet, the
IOTA Foundation opted to remove the [SI prefixes](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Metric_prefix) to align with
the more common denominations used in the DLT space.

:::
```

> ## Supply Change With Stardust Upgrade

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Supply Change With the Stardust Upgrade
```

> On the 4th of October 2023, the IOTA Mainnet was upgraded to run under the Stardust protocol. With the upgrade also a
> change in the supply was executed where the initial supply of 2,779,530,283,277,761 micros (~2,779,530,283 IOTAs) was
> increased to 4,600,000,000,000,000 micros (4,600,000,000 IOTAs) where the additional new supply of
> 1,820,469,716,722,240 micros was distributed under following allocations and unlock schedules:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On the 4th of October 2023, the IOTA Mainnet was upgraded to run under the Stardust protocol. With the upgrade, a
change in the supply  was also executed, where the initial supply of 2,779,530,283,277,761 micros (~2,779,530,283 IOTAs) was
increased to 4,600,000,000,000,000 micros (4,600,000,000 IOTAs), where the additional new supply of
1,820,469,716,722,240 micros were distributed under the following allocations and unlock schedules:
```
Using micros may make the numbers a bit daunting. As an alternative:
```suggestion
On the 4th of October 2023, the IOTA Mainnet was upgraded to run under the Stardust protocol. With the upgrade, a
change in the supply  was also executed, where the initial supply of ~2,779,530,283 IOTAs (2,779,530,283,277,761 micros, to be precise) was
increased to 4,600,000,000 IOTAs (4,600,000,000,000,000 micros), where the additional new supply of
~1,820,469,713 IOTAs were distributed under the following allocations and unlock schedules:
```

| IOTA Airdrop                 | 3.5%       | 161,000,000   | 10% initial unlock, 2 year vesting, bi-weekly unlock |

You can read more about the supply increase
under [following blog post](https://blog.iota.org/stardust-upgrade-iota-tokenomics) and see more detailed information
around the token distribution and unlock schedules
under [following GitHub repository](https://github.com/iotaledger/new_supply).

### Previous Supply: Distribution & No Inflation

Before the supply increase, all 2,779,530,283,277,761 micro tokens were fairly distributed upon the
initial ICO without any early VC funding or tokens allocated to founders. Furthermore, there were no vesting
schedules or token lockups, meaning the entire supply was circulating immediately. The IOTA Foundation was funded
via donations from ICO purchasers with roughly ~5% of the initial token supply.

IOTA still has no inflation baked into its protocol but due to the supply increase, an annual inflation of
around ~12-13% over a 4-year period is carried out via outputs which have been timelocked accordingly.

## Buying IOTA

> :::caution
> Note that some exchanges might still be using the symbol `MIOTA` on their platforms which represents 1,000,000 (1
> million) micro tokens. Before buying or selling IOTAs, make sure you understand what denomination the exchange is
> working with, so you don't get tricked into selling/buying under/over the current market price.
> :::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::caution 

Note that some exchanges might still be using the symbol `MIOTA` on their platforms, which represents 1 IOTA or 1,000,000 (1
million) micros. Before you buy or sell IOTAs, please make sure you understand what denomination the exchange is
using so you don't get tricked into selling/buying under/over the current market price.

:::
```
